site: Add "--extra-config=kubeadm.skip-phases=preflight" to FAQ (#15661)
kubernetes/minikube: site/content/en/docs/faq/_index.md

Currently a static IP can only be set when using the Docker or Podman driver.

For more details see the [static IP tutorial]({{< ref "docs/tutorials/static_ip.md" >}}).

> ## How to ignore the kubeadm requirements and pre-flight checks (such as CPUs numbers) ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to ignore the kubeadm requirements and pre-flight checks (such as minimum CPU count)?
```

> KubeAdm has several software/hardware requirements to ensure a healthy Kubernetes cluster, to ignore all of them,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubeadm has certain software and hardware requirement to maintain a stable Kubernetes cluster. However, these requirements can be ignored (such as when running minikube on a single CPU) by running the following:
```

> (For example if you want to run minikube on 1 CPU, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
minikube start --force --extra-config=kubeadm.skip-phases=preflight
```

> note that, this is not recommended but might be the only way for some users who are okay with performance/stablity side-effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not recommended, but for some users who are willing to accept potential performance or stability issues, this may be the only option.
```
